You lose, I won't lose.
How could my dignified Western medicine general lose?
How can you win if you do so much evil?
Dead spirit, do you dare to bet with me again?
You can't beat me at all
Even Huaxian used to be a defeated general under me
Why do you bother?
Make fun of yourself
Who the hell is this guy?
Look at his extraordinary appearance
Hua Xian turned out to be his defeated general
No wonder he broke through the cocoon
This child is absolutely extraordinary
Bauhinia Johnson
We bet our lives on the painting
Once the Lord enters the painting
You need one death and one injury to break the game.
Otherwise, you will be trapped in the painting for the rest of your life. Okay
I want to see what courage you have today
Boy, you won the game
I thank you very much.
But gambling with your life is not worth it
Never mind, run for your life
Peanuts don't worry
Wait for me to die
William
You can't escape this time
Want to kill me
Cut the crap and take your life
Sweeping Tianlong is also fighting for profit?
Your mummy hangs for three years
Hahahaha
day fat
You don't have this chance anymore, do you?